fix: mongo todate accepts %b & %B to format dates from text (TCTC-10454) (#2373)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Mongo: the `todate` step now can use `%B` and `%b` to format dates from text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mongo: the `todate` step now accepts `%B` and `%b` to format dates from text.
```
